hey people welcome to a new video
not everyone is equally beautiful but this one
animals that are really bizarre ugly
therefore here are the ten ugliest
animals in the world
the nose on this off has a huge
nose males call this up everywhere the
orang belanda
or people who resemble the
Dutch so you the parable
The star moles are also incredible
ugly nose words that you also up to it
top team
the nose resembles scientists
a star but a dead octoplus would be whole
can do well
the alligator turtle with its ugly
headline
the dealer not only scares everyone
but he can also quite
bite hard now
this turtle with it easily you
fingers and toes off
the ai also called the finger animal happy
is this animal and active at night
because then the naked and honorably dark
mole rat
do you remember the wifi animal from kim
taste food
well in real life it looks like this
the blobvis this animal looks like a big one
collapsed pudding
but apart from its reasonable appearance
this fish still has a problem because
there is threatened with extinction
the red copy this bird looks like one
crossing between a turkey and you control
the head of the vulture has no feathers
or hair and this gives one
a particularly ugly appearance
the elephant seal this animal has just like one
elephant and trunk
Also the animal is so super diet
wouldn't hurt
the sea iguana the animal is alone
on the galapagos islands and what me
he remains concerned that the sky
look
you learn you look a bit like one
goldfish with inflated eyes
but if you think he can see well
with these big eyes
then you are wrong this animal is
really peel
these were the ten ugliest
animals thanks for watching my
video
share this video on facebook and
twitter and do a blue one
thumbs' up